The R code in this package is released under the MIT License:
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

The C-library wrapped by this package is released under the following
conditions:

Triangle
A Two-Dimensional Quality Mesh Generator and Delaunay Triangulator.
Version 1.6

Copyright 1993, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2005 Jonathan Richard Shewchuk
2360 Woolsey #H / Berkeley, California 94705-1927
Bugs/comments to jrs@cs.berkeley.edu
Created as part of the Quake project (tools for earthquake simulation).
Supported in part by NSF Grant CMS-9318163 and an NSERC 1967 Scholarship.
There is no warranty whatsoever.  Use at your own risk.

This program may be freely redistributed under the condition that the
copyright notices (including this entire header and the copyright
notice printed when the `-h' switch is selected) are not removed, and
no compensation is received.  Private, research, and institutional use
is free.  You may distribute modified versions of this code UNDER THE
CONDITION THAT THIS CODE AND ANY MODIFICATIONS MADE TO IT IN THE SAME
FILE REMAIN UNDER COPYRIGHT OF THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR, BOTH SOURCE AND
OBJECT CODE ARE MADE FREELY AVAILABLE WITHOUT CHARGE, AND CLEAR NOTICE
IS GIVEN OF THE MODIFICATIONS.  Distribution of this code as part of a
commercial system is permissible ONLY BY DIRECT ARRANGEMENT WITH THE
AUTHOR.  (If you are not directly supplying this code to a customer,
and you are instead telling them how they can obtain it for free, then
you are not required to make any arrangement with me.)